today i'm going to explain a crime
thriller film called good time
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
fueled by the pipe dream of leaving new
york city for peaceful virginia the
unstable connie nicus robs a bank with
his developmentally challenged brother
nick
throughout his therapy session nick
nicus is visibly uncomfortable
his therapist dr peter asks him to
interpret some idioms which he all takes
literally when nick becomes unresponsive
they move on to word comparisons peter
gives nick a pair of words so nick can
tell him what comes to mind when he
hears them with scissors and a cooking
pan nick says that you can hurt yourself
with them a tear rolls down nick's face
after he responds and peter gently
presses on
he asks what nick meant if he ever
thinks about hurting himself
nick grows even more uncomfortable and
after a moment of silence he talks about
the time his grandmother pushed him and
yelled at him telling me that he can't
eat food he adds with growing yet
subdued distress that he picked the pan
up and threw it at his grandmother then
corrected himself by saying he threw it
at the wall
peter asks if he meant to hit his
grandmother but nick has become
unresponsive
his lips quiver eyes blinking rapidly
but before the therapist could press on
his brother enters the room
connie starts berating peter asking him
how he'd like it if he made him cry he
tells nick to get up and rip the
therapist's notes up before leaving
the two head to the elevator and once
inside connie hugs his brother to soothe
him firmly telling him that he loves him
the two later arrive at a bank wearing
construction site uniforms and realistic
prosthetic masks for their faces
connie slips the bank teller a note
demanding sixty five thousand dollars
the teller stiffly maintains her
composure and complies emptying her
register of the money there but connie
isn't satisfied so he forces the teller
to take more bills from the back
successful nick and connie head straight
for an alley to take their disguises off
connie happily praises nick for being
brave and with that they escape to the
road
upon their accomplice's arrival they get
inside the car to leave for good
connie's happy little hide dies down
when he hears a strange beep and before
they knew it red dye start spraying from
the bag
with the driver's vision obstructed
their car abruptly crashes into another
parked vehicle
nick and connie are covered in red dime
when they leave the car making them
stand out connie rushes to a pizza place
then locks themselves in the bathroom
despite the workers protests nick starts
washing his face with toilet water
making connie snap at him to use the
sink
connie pleads for more time while the
worker demands them to get out else
she'll call the cops
he says that his brother is mentally
disabled and then a bucket of paint fell
on them which is only half true the
worker continues to knock repeatedly at
the door and as nick frantically washes
his face connie hides the bag of money
in the ceiling
the two leave wearing a fresh change of
clothes with hoodies pulled over their
heads while walking down the street a
cop car pulls over and the police inside
want to talk to them the officer tells
nick to turn and face them this sends
nick into a panic so he bolts away
prompting connie to run after him with
the cops now chasing them down
they rush to a crowded mall while the
cops stay on their tail
connie's in the lead now and he manages
to leave through the maul's back exit as
for nick he crashes through the glass
door breaking it and falling unconscious
nick gets taken to prison and the rowdy
noise from the inmates immediately
greets him a fight breaks out among them
and though nick tries to keep to himself
they all collectively get sprayed nick
later gets a visit from his therapist
who encourages him to cooperate with
them
nick of course refuses nick later gets a
call from his grandmother through the
community phone he yells at her saying
that the money was for them that connie
was going to buy him a farm so they can
live together
he keeps forcefully insisting that
connie's the only one who loves him
while holding the phone up much to the
annoyance of his fellow inmates that
night connie makes his way to a bail
bond's place
he gives his red tinged bills to the
uncaring foreman after counting the
money he tells connie that he needs
another 10 grand and that he can't use
the other bill since they're ruined with
die without the funds connie has no
chance of bailing nick out back to nick
he gets in trouble with his fellow
inmates because of the tv
he forcibly changes the channel against
the other's protest after ignoring
everyone he gets slapped by one of the
inmates
nick is taken aback and a beanie wearing
convict joins in to make a show out of
messing with him provoked nick tackles
him to the ground and starts pummeling
him this doesn't last long as another
inmate jumps nick and punches his face
to a bloody pulp until nick falls
unconscious
later connie visits his girlfriend corey
in her condominium much to her mother's
dismay he heads to her bedroom to be
with her dogs while the mother and
daughter argue outside eventually corey
walks away from her mother and she
cruises with connie in a cab
there corey's trying to find a good
vacation spot for the two of them but
connie stops her so he can talk about
nick he lies that nick's therapist was
abusing him so he lashed out violently
making the therapist press charges
against him connie then asks her to use
her mother's credit card to help him
with the rest of the bail
corey's reluctant but since she can't
say no to connie she agrees
back at the bail bonds place corey finds
out that the bail is actually ten
thousand dollars
she's shocked but takes her credit card
out regardless
connie kisses her lightly while waiting
for the foreman to make his call to his
surprise the man tells him that nick
isn't on the calendar because he was
sent to the hospital things only get
chaotic from there and while the foreman
tries to make arrangements over the
phone cory's credit card gets declined
she calls her mother who canceled her
card making corey yellen panic connie's
back to where he started and the man
refuses to return the money connie gave
him defeated connie looks back at corey
as she cries about just wanting to do a
good thing for somebody
connie travels to elmhurst where nick is
confined and once he's there he notices
the many cops loitering around
after talking to a patient connie
discovers that prisoners are kept on the
sixth floor he babbles with the cop
there using the opportunity to peek
inside the room he's guarding finally he
spots a heavily bandaged patient inside
and deduces that it's nick satisfied
connie slips inside the room of an
elderly patient and waits there until
the cop leaves his post
he takes the wheelchair and rushes
inside nick's room connie wastes no time
moving nick from his bed to the
wheelchair and when he gets unhooked
from a machine it starts beeping loudly
stopping for nothing connie leaves
quickly pulling his brother's wheelchair
until they've finally broken out of the
hospital a haitian woman named annie
lets him get inside the accessor ride
first and with that they fully escaped
elmhurst vicinity the passengers start
to leave one by one and connie notices
that annie has the last stop before him
the brothers get dropped off just two
blocks away he makes his way to the
woman's house to knock on her door
connie makes up a story about losing
keys and needing to use their phone
annie graciously lets him in
she smokes while watching connie pretend
to call his mother and after hanging up
he politely asks annie if he can leave
his brother there for a while annie
starts getting suspicious of connie but
she lets nick stay in one of her rooms
after a bit of back and forth she shows
nick to the living room then talks to
her bored 16 year old granddaughter
crystal to let her know that she'll be
taking some sleeping pills for work
tomorrow while the two argue about
crystal always being on her phone nick
heads inside the bathroom to search it
until he finds a box of blonde hair dye
he stays with nick in his room and while
waiting for his dye to settle he
bombards corey with messages crystal
enters the room to look for something
and when she asks about connie's hair
dye he smiles stiffly and calls himself
a weirdo he lets her know that he took
annie's phone and that's when corey
starts calling him
she tells him that her mom is
practically holding her prisoner in her
home but connie dismisses her telling
corey to pick them up as soon as she can
with an impassionate i love you he ends
the call and ushers crystal outside
where they can talk more freely
later the two are watching tv together
and when crystal changes the channel to
the news she gushes about how much she
loves dogs pensive connie makes an odd
comment about being a dog in his
previous life which explains why they
love him
crystal only gives him a strange look
suddenly the news starts talking about
connie's robbery so to keep crystal from
noticing he quickly kisses her while the
two make out the reporter talks about
how their grandmother filed a
restraining order against connie for
threatening and stalking her she also
blames him for an altercation with nick
which resulted in her broken arm
during an interview the grandmother
claims that connie treats his brother
very badly too by that point connie has
already taken crystal to her room and as
they're starting to get frisky connie
hears a voice coming from nick's room he
rushes to the room and the moment he saw
him connie realized he messed up it
turns out that the man he busted out
wasn't nick but a random guy confused
the man tries attacking connie only to
get tackled by him when the guy rey
calms down connie gets off him and gets
him up to speed he warns him not to mess
his plans up before barging out of the
room
connie goes to crystal's room to tell
her that they need to go to the hospital
since he got the wrong guy he urges
crystal to find the keys to their car
and when crystal's at a loss he tells
her not to be confused as it'll just
make things worse for him
afterward the three of them head to the
car in the driveway
connie drives back to the hospital but
they quickly realize that it's
surrounded by cop cars and a media van
instead connie pulls over at a
convenience store making crystal leave
her phone and buy some things
once they're alone rey's manic monologue
ensues
it turns out that ray just got out of
prison the other day and that he's on
parole after getting out he and his
friend caleb head to some trevor's house
trevor moves acid throughout new york
but he skims a couple to sell and puts
them all in a sprite bottle
ray gets completely messed up on the
thing then winds up in an arcade to sell
the acid with trevor
suddenly a guy comes in after having
robbed a bank
he brags about it ray's too messed up to
follow the story then the cops come in
next thing ray knows he's making a run
for it he goes with trevor to an
amusement park called adventureland to
hide the sprite bottle in the money when
the cops bust the place ray quickly
leaves and hails a cab
he freaks the driver out when he said he
just got back from prison and the driver
freaks him out when he started driving
him to the precinct in the end ray jumps
out of the speeding cab and the rest is
history
finally rey's soliloquy comes to an end
but all connie's doing is looking up
directions for adventureland he firmly
tells rey that they're going to find the
bottle then split what they get with no
plan or place to go ray agrees just
before crystal gets back in the car
after some driving they eventually pull
over
after telling crystal to wait connie and
ray make their way inside the amusement
park it's pitch dark there making their
search difficult
ray leads connie to the egyptian themes
section and there he finally finds the
asset indifferent connie dismisses this
and demands to know where the money is
before ray could think a somali guard
with a flashlight calls out to them
ordering them to come out he's already
called the cops so it's just a matter of
time before rey and connie get caught
the guard shines the light on rey so he
immediately runs after him he makes
quick work of him and takes him to the
security room where he ties rey's wrist
to a post the guard lights the park up
and when he sees connie through the
security cameras he chases him
unfortunately connie manages to tackle
him down allowing him to beat the
guard's face to a bloody pulp
with the guard taken care of connie
heads to the security room to free ray
and together they haul the unconscious
man back to the amusement park they
continue looking around for the money
until connie hears the cops calling from
the outside
cursing connie calls ray to help him
take the guard's uniform off to put it
on
as a safety measure ray pours a good
deal of the acid into the guard's mouth
posing as the watchman connie meets the
cops outside then leads them to the
unconscious man the officers don't
question connie's identity and instead
they tell him to turn all the lights on
meanwhile crystal notices that the
amusement park is brought to life so she
steps outside the car to check
just as she's approaching the gates a
cop spots her and makes her face him
back in the amusement park the security
guard regains consciousness and he's
completely out of it he starts writhing
not even speaking english anymore
chalking his behavior up to drug use the
cops put him on a stretcher the man is
frantically disoriented and confused
while the cops are wheeling him to the
van another cop is dragging crystal with
him while she protests about having
explained herself already connie shows
up smoking casually as the officer asks
him if crystal's the other intruder
connie denies ever seeing her the moment
crystal sees him the emotion drains from
her face and the realization that she's
been used sinks in crystal stops
resisting and she lets the cop got her
to his car
connie remains apathetic towards the
casualties of his half-baked heist and
he heads to the security office to call
the hospital but since the staff isn't
allowed to disclose information about
nick's situation connie angrily and
repeatedly slams the phone down with the
coast clear connie and ray leave the
amusement park using the guard's car and
together they make their way to the
guard's high-rise apartment
connie opens the door and immediately
tames the dog there who takes a quick
liking to him as soon as they settle
connie aggressively asks ray how much
they can sell the asset for then demands
that he call his friend to buy it from
him now though rey isn't agreeable at
first he realizes that he wouldn't have
made it without connie so he
begrudgingly yields a little later
connie and rey get into an argument over
how useless rey is to society and that's
when they finally hear the door ring
connie takes the dog with him into one
of the rooms while rey gets the door to
greet his good friend khalif khalif is
indignant over the entire situation and
he walks straight to the room where
connie is the moment he opens the door a
large dog starts barking at him unnerved
khalif immediately shuts the door connie
demands fifteen thousand dollars for the
drugs and after a back and forth khalif
pretends to go with what connie says
he tells connie that he'll retrieve the
15 grand from the bank while quietly
gesturing to ray that he's going to get
a gun instead
when caliph leaves connie is already
packing his bags he's been done ever
since calla first said no to him the
ever volatile man marches out into the
hallway against rey's wishes rey lunges
at him taking connie down to the ground
so he can try and steal the acid back
though connie's been consistently
manipulating crystal he wasn't lying
when he said dogs love him his new
canine friend comes to his rescue biting
rey hard and letting connie escape yet
again as soon as rey gets up he quickly
goes back to the apartment room to call
cauliflop
while telling him about what happened
the sirens start blaring and the cops
have blocked connie's escape ray watches
from the window as connie frantically
tries to run away but the chase ends
uneventfully with the cops catching
connie in the parking lot he drops the
sprite bottle which rolls away unnoticed
ray hastily informs cauliffe of the
bottle's whereabouts then gets off the
phone when the police knock at his door
with nowhere else to go raid desperately
tries to leave through the window
at this point connie's lost the fight in
him and he looks more lost than anything
with his incessant blinking as the cops
take him in
everyone's attention turns to the
building as rey tries to escape but this
ultimately results to him falling connie
watches his expression unchanging before
he's pushed inside the police car with
the fuse of the loose cannon that is
connie burning out the man has little
else to do but stare blankly ahead
completely unblinking
in the end nick is released from prison
and he goes with dr peter who tells him
that connie is right where he belongs
just as nick is right where he belongs
peter takes nick to a therapy class and
though nick remains uncomfortable pain
even he slowly joins their group
activity subscribe to watch more videos
like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching